==EasyTranslate - Google Translate (with Bulk translate) in Ruby

I looked around a bit for a google translate library in Ruby that would perform bulk calls and handle user_ips and API keys properly.  There didn't seem to be any, so I made one.  I'll be updating from time to time, but feel free to issue a ticket for anything major.

---

===Single translation

	# auto-detect
	EasyTranslate.translate('Hello, world', :to => :spanish) # => "Hola, mundo"
	EasyTranslate.translate('Hello, world', :to => 'es') # => "Hola, mundo"

	# feel free to specify explicitly 
	EasyTranslate.translate('Hola, mundo', :from => :spanish, :to => :en) # => "Hello, world"

---

===Batch translation (Yay!)

	# multiple strings
	EasyTranslate.translate(['Hello', 'Goodbye'], :to => :spanish) # => ["¡Hola", "Despedida"]

	# multiple languages
	EasyTranslate.translate('Hello', :to => [:spanish, :french]) # => ["¡Hola", "Bonjour"]

	# or both?
	EasyTranslate.translate(['Hello', 'Goodbye'], :to => [:es, :it]) # => [['¡Hola', 'Despedida'], ['Ciao', 'Addio']]

---

===Compliance

	# make google happy - (NOTE: use these anywhere)
	EasyTranslate.translate('Hello, world', :to => :es, :key => 'xxx', :user_ip => '127.0.0.1')

	# don't want to set the key on every call? ** Me either! **
	EasyTranslate.api_key = 'xxx'

---

===Because you might be greedy and want detection, too

	# detect language
	EasyTranslate.detect "This is definitely English!" # => 'en'

===What if everything is buried in html?

	# mention that you're submitting HTML (translate calls only)
	EasyTranslate.translate("<b>Hello</b>", :html => true) # => "<b>¡Hola</b>"

===List of languages

	# list from <http://translate.google.com/>
	EasyTranslate::LANGUAGES # => { 'en' => 'english', ... }

---

===Author

* John Crepezzi - <john@crepezzi.com[mailto:john@crepezzi.com]> / <john.crepezzi@patch.com[mailto:john.crepezzi@patch.com]>

===Coming Soon

* Transliteration support
* Provide behind the scenes chunking for large batched calls

---

===License

(The MIT License)

Copyright © 2010 John Crepezzi

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the ‘Software’), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ‘AS IS’, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.